Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I’ll be showing you guys an app which contains an A.I. that automatically creates a young and cute girl
Called "MakeGirls.Moe"
In this application, you can change both the color of their hair and their hairstyle...
And when you place certain conditions for the character creation...
...It looks like the A.I.generates a beatiful girl that meets those conditions
Like me?
I can make someone adorable!!
In this case, let’s start at once!
Let's see, first off...
"Hair color"
Eh? I wonder what color would look best
Hmm...
I suppose white?
Pure white?
"Hairstyle"
"Short hair", "Long hair", "Twintail"...
Ah, there’s also "Ponytail"!
"Long hair"
The eye color will be...
Since she has white hair, then...
Well...
"Red"!
"Blush"
Ah, the blush, well...
Make it so that it doesn't seem too much
Regarding the smile... I’ll leave it to your judgement, random
The mouth... it's better that it’s closed, right?
Closed!
Hat... none
Ribbon, random
Glasses...
Well, for the moment, none
Good, let's try it out with these conditions
One, two, and...
Three!
Ah! How adorable! Eh?
She looks somewhat... loli, right?
Her eyes are adorable!
Eh? Her hairstyle also...
Looks good, right?
Loli… while she looks like a loli, she looks quite responsible, right?
I like it, I like it!!
Good, next up...
Well, I want to create one with different conditions
The hair color will be...
...It’s true, well...
Orange!
And regarding the hairstyle...
What’s "Drill hair"? I’ll choose "Drill hair"
The eye color will be...
If her hair is orange, then...
Which should I choose?
Green!
She’ll have blush
The smile will be left to your judgement
The mouth will be open
And she’ll also have a hat
And a ribbon
Without glasses!
Ey!
Ooohh!
She’s adorable, right?
She looks pretty energetic
She seems very energetic and capable of healing you
She looks like she can take care of you ♥
I want her to take care of me
Eeeh... next up, next up...
Well...
To make use of the occasion...
I wonder if it’ll create someone similar if I place some conditions similar to mine
"Brown" and...
..."Long hair" and...
Eye color, I suppose green?
"Green"
With blush and smile
The mouth, well...
...She’ll have the open mouth
Hat, none
And then, I have a ribbon...
And without glasses!
Good
Myself, come to me!
Man, it's not me, right?
She looks like she’s from high society
Also she doesn't have my headband
And regarding the general color, she’s somewhat red
It’s very hard, right?
I thought I could create my clone, but...
I’m definitely unique and one of a kind, right?
No one can imitate me
Bah!
A.I.Channel!
In this case...
… I unexpectedly put together several beautiful girls, so...
It's somewhat sudden, but...!
I’ll do a competition of beautiful girls!!
Pafu, pafu!
Entry number 1
Hiya-chan!
Hiya-chan is...
Definitely, definitely...
… A younger sister
She’s a younger sister, and...
Well, normally she’s calm and tends to stay at her house, but...
When she sees you in trouble, she asks "Are you okay?" and she worried about you…
She starts slow when she meets you, but...
...When she starts to feel something for you
She acts cold, she has that personality
And also, she has a family comprised of an older brother and a younger one
Her younger brother is not honest with his feelings and acts like he doesn't care about his older sister
But her older brother...
Has an very intimate relationship with Hiya-chan
A very intimate relationship
She’s a spoiled girl
Entry number 2!
Kon-chan!
Kon-chan...
… Is a typical childhood friend
Man, don’t you think that's great?
When you cool down and you feel somewhat tired...
...Or feel like you don’t want to finish your responsibilities, well...
… She grabs you and takes you with her, saying: "You need to go to school!"
And she makes sure to take care of you...
Giving you food, saying: "Say aaaah..." even when you don’t ask her
And prepares your lunch
And also takes notes of the tasks at school on the days you can’t go
It's great, right?
And her family is comprised of...
...A sister and a younger brother
She’s the older sister in a family of 7 brothers... Ah!
But I suppose she could have an older brother
Normally the older brother is not in the house
Her older brother is in the univeristy and he’s an adult
And now he doesn't live in the house
It’s because of that, that in his place, she takes care of her younger brothers
She’s very good at taking care of them
It's admirable, I want her to be my wife, she’s number 1
Entry number 3!
Ojou!
Ojou is...
...From a wealthy family...
...And well, since she’s intelligent and possesses a high societal position in which...
...She feels superior
She basically says:
"Man, so you can’t even do something like that? Uh huum..."
She says something like that
But when she finds you in trouble, she helps you
She helps anyone who’s in trouble
And regarding what her family is comprised of...
She has a older sister and a younger sister
Since they’re all girls and were very spoiled...
...She’s basically a tsundere
"There’s nothing I can’t do"
She feels superior, right?
It’s because of that, that when she finds herself in trouble
She has lots of areas to take advantage so she should be the easiest to win over
Entry number 4!
Kizuna Ai!
Man...
How do I say it, my strong points are...
Intelligent! (?)
Adorable! (?)
I can do sports!
I’m the number one candidate to be a wife!
I’m the number one candidate to be a younger sis...
A.I.Channel!
In this case...!
...Now that I gathered some cute girls
You guys can decide who will be the winner!
Comment in this video which is the girl you like the most
That is all!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex